Today we are going to talk about scales,
 so what are the scales. Let's go to the documentation to find out.
 I'm currently in GitHub.com D3 slots D3 slot scale.

 In this paragraph it says that scales are a convenient abstraction for a fundamental task in visualization so let's go back and I'll show you some more things about scales to make everything a little bit more clear. 

First we are going to identify the problem 
and the problem is the data does not match the space available on the page. 

If you remember from the previous lesson some of the circles were too small or even too big, 

the visual part wasn't very beautiful. 

Also it requires a lot of math to accommodate the space so even if you do like maths you will need a lot of hours and a lot of equations to find how to sort out everything.

 And the worst part is even if you are good at maths and you solve everything then the screen size can change any time due to responsive design. 

So this is actually not very helpful but for this we have the scales. So what are the scales.

 A scale is a function where you pass in some data and you are returned a new set of data that can be used for visualization. There are different types of scales, 

you should remember that scales are not visuals, they are just functions and this means you should continue drawing the size and use the data provided by the scales to alter their appearance.

So this means that you shouldn't only use scales because scales are handling only the visual part 

but you still have to write the code. Another important thing before we start using the scales are the domains and strange.

 The domains are divided into input domains and add four domains. An input domain is a range of possible values within the data and it can also be called simply domain.

 So here is an example. Let's say that you have the data and it's an array, the values inside this array are 100, 200, 300 and 400. Now the input domain is the values 100 and 400 so it's the smallest and largest number in the array. 

The output domain is the size of the viewing area and can be called a range. An example of this is let's say we have a screen of the size 720, then their age is from 0 to 720. And these are all the basic things you should know about scales. So far is so the basic structure of a scatterplot,

 as well as we saw the results of using scatter plots. In this video we talked about scales but in the next video we are going to write some code to really understand how to use scales, stay tuned for the next video.