Now I think it's time to learn something new and this will be little line chart.
 In the resources section I have provided the new files you are going to need for the next few lessons. 
The basic structure is uncomplicated so you can even write it on your own if you don't feel like downloading the files,

 let's see what we have. I have the three files, index.html, app.js and style.css, 

let's start with index dot HTML. I haven't changed a lot of things, I still have my bar charts, the script CRC for the D3 library and the update js connection, let's continue with style.css.

 And here yet I haven't changed a lot of things, I have a width said to 800 pixels, height said to 600 pixels, the background color is still orange and I have the margin in 25 pixels and utter.

 Now in the app.js I have made a few changes. First of all we have a variable data, data is an array of objects with two properties, dates and number.

 As you can see I have said quite a few things here. In the numbers have some positives and some negatives but we don't mind, 

you can have your own and you can have some random numbers or dates, it's fine we don't mind about that. I'm going to minimize the data - what else you have. 

For the date for months I have created two variables, one named time bars which is converting the year to the data objects and another one called time format which is already opposite so it's from converting the data object to the year. 

But one more time I have set the bar chart width to 100 and the bar chart height to 600 and the padding to 40. 

Now as far as it concerns the date for month I have created and for each and this time I have data I don't date equals to time bars each load data. 

This structure here is from JavaScript not specifically from D3.js. Now let's continue with creating the scales. 

We have created the X as well as the Y scale. For the X scale I'm using the scale time and I have a domain, the domain contains the minimum and the maximum. 

For the minimum I'm going to return the minimum date and for the maximum I'm going to return the maximum date. For the range I have a departing, the bar chart width mine is a padding and then pretty much I'm doing the same thing for the Y scale. 

Here I'm using the scale linear and snore the scale time and as far as the domain concerns, I have only the max that returns the maximum number, for the range I have the bar chart type - padding and the padding's. 

The next thing that I have done is actually creating the elements and this is the other procedure, I mean every time we did the same thing with the variable SVG.

 We select the bar chart with a heavy defined in style.css as well as in index dot HTML and then we append the SVG. 

For the attributes we need the height and width. Next step is creating the axes and again we are going to have the x axis and the y axis. 

For the x axis using the axes bottom and I define inside there the X scale, the takes is such a 5 and the TIC format is in time form. 

For the y axis I have access left and here I wanted to remind you that the options are access left and right and here they were access bottom and top. 

I'm also having the Y scale and the text is set to 8. Now it takes if you can recall from the previous video aren't really defined by us. 

So although you have the numbers 5 and 8 D3 may not take into consideration these numbers.

 The last thing that we have to do is draw and position the axes and that's what we are doing with the SVG. For the x axis I'm having an SVG appended T and G stands for grid and the attribute is transfer and translate 0 plus bar chart height minus padding and 

then we always have to call the x axis or maybe the y axis. So in this case I have a pass with y axis and then attribute with transform and translate padding plus 0. 

Ok so now I also think it's time to see the result. So save if you changed anything and let's go back to the website. Alright and here is what you're supposed to see. We have an X and y axis and you can also see all the values that we have defined in the data variable. Ok so we set the basic structure but now what we have to do is actually draw the lines. 

In the previous lessons we added and style the x axis and the y axis in a ski drop loads. In this video,we saw the basic structure of line charge and in the next video we are going to see how to draw the line in alight charts. Stay tuned and thank you very much for watching.