Today I'm going to show you how to finally use the scatter function. What I'm going to do in my codes is to actually delete the app dot J s, its scale is tailored to our needs since its unique so it should store it for future use. I'm going to create a variable length scale and the value of this will be D3 dot scale linear. These are various scales available but linear is the simplest one, just like that we have a scale. Save and refresh. Go to the console. Now I'm going to use the scale method and I'm going to pass the value of 10, you can give it whatever you like. You can input any number and get the same number back, as long as it this works then you're fine and you can continue. So let's go back to the text editor and this time I'm going to implement another method, the domain 1. The domain function accepts an array which will contain the original range. Range is the smallest and biggest number in our data. I'm going to give it the numbers one hundred and four hundreds, then I'm going to continue with the range. The range refers to the output range or the data we want to scale, method will accept an array with the data to scale the original down to. So just gave the values ten and two hundreds. This numbers aren't actually so random, ten corresponds well with 100 whereas two hundred corresponds well with four hundreds. So let's just say and go back to the browser. Again I'm going to use the scale function and I'm going to play with it, you can give whatever values you may like but this time bear in mind that we have domain and range. So D3 takes care of making the numbers proportional to each other, there are for example 400 should work really fine and the output should be 200. In this example we've been hard coding the data but in a real life project you won't do that, you would have to calculate which are the lowest and highest numbers in an array. This is quite easy with D3, in the next video I'm going to show you how to do that. So far we started this section with a basic structure of a scatter plot, we continued with viewing the results. First we had some theory about what is scale and in this lesson we finally use the scales. In the next video I'm going to talk about arrays and how you can integrate them in D3.js and scales, thank you for watching.