Today we are going to talk about creating paths. Paths can be quite special, can you imagine why. When you work with polygons, for example, you can create straight shapes, when your work with circles you can create curved sides but when you work with paths you can create everything with unlimited number of sides. Paths are really powerful but at the same time can be quite hard to master them. Open your text editor and comment out our previous exercises, after doing that make a new comment for paths. Now we will create a path element. In the path element we'll need to add the coordinates and we are going to add them in D, D stands for data. This is an attribute name we are going to use a lot. With me we have the move this comment will tell your SVG where to start drawing and right after that you can have your x and y points, I personally added 100 and 100. I'm going to quickly add the field, the stroke and the stroke width so it can continue easy with the D parameter. After that add an L comment, L stands for line and this is a single comment. With L I'm going to have some points like x and y. We will have L two times as we will need two lines. Okay after that just save it and refresh your website and then let's see the results. Okay here is your line, nothing too excited right but let's continue doing some more special things. I'm going to add the M comment for moving again the two lines so I will have also the L again. The coordinates I am giving are completely random and feel free to use your own. After doing that save and refresh one more time, can you guess the result before refreshing the page, can you imagine what will happen, well let me try and I'll show you some more exciting things after that. Well we have our two shapes but they are not quite closed, how can we do that, we have to add the Z parameter and these are comment, this will tell the SVG to close the paths. After doing that also save and refresh, remember that it is important to use capital letters for M L + Z, if you don't do that then you will see some different results from what I'm looking right now. All right when you also have our closed saves but now I'm going to tell you one more thing which is super important. As I told you in the beginning of this video, paths are quite special, they can draw curved sides too. To do this SVG is using complex mathematics. I'm going to show you how to create the simplest curved side which is the quadric Bezier curve and that's why I have already start typing the Q and then we'll have two sets of points and these are two hundred, four hundred, one hundred and two hundred, save and refresh. Now you can see both the straight lines and the curved line too. If you're feeling a bit confused don't worry, remember we're dealing with advanced apes. So it's okay to feeling a bit overhelmed but I will show you everything and you'll have no problem in continuing. So far we have created polygons and polylines and right now we did the paths. Coming up are creating text, stay tuned and see you in the next video.

