Hello and welcome to the eight section, creating a line and an area charts. 

In this section we will learn how to add axes in a chart,

 refine the outcome of your SVG shapes and create an element and an area chart. 

In this video, we are going to be about the x-axis. We are going to continue from where we finished in the seventh section. 

So we did create it a scatter plot but we are missing something, do you notice what we are missing. Well we're missing the axes. 

D3 provides an easy way to add the axis, we don't have to think or calculate the distances for Atlantic's. 

The way you create an axis is similar to everything else in D3, you chain of your methods and you pass in the data. 

The axis is a SVG and it will be created by D3. You have four functions to use, axes top, axis bottom which are for the horizontal axis or the x axis and axis left and axis right which are for the vertical axis or the y axis. 

Before we continue with a code let's just go through the documentation and then we are ready to start coding. 

You can find the documentation in GitHub.com slash D3 slash D3 does axis, 

okay and now we are ready to continue coding. 

Since we are in the eighth section 

I change this to eight and then I add a comment to create axes. 

All right now I'm going to minimize the create circles and the create labels, 

I will add a few lines just to be more clear and then I'm going to add a new variable which is going to be the x-axis 

and it will store a function D3 dot axis bottom. 

Inside there I'm going to have this scale that we created in a previous video, I'm only going to need the X scale for now. Then I'm going to have the SVG dot append, 

the G method and the G is for grouping so it's a way to store elements together. Then only with these few steps our axis is created. 

So save, go back to your browser and refresh your website. So here it is, yes maybe there are some problems but we're going to tackle them a little bit later.

 For now add just one sheet to go to the elements tab and try to find your SVG element or the axis. 

If you find it you will see that there are some elements created inside there, this elements are encoded by us,

 they are actually coded by D3 and that's the beautiful thing. 

All right now I think it's time to start solving our problems. The first one that we are going to solve is to have the labels for the circle so please just go back to your text editor.

 Alright I'm going to open the create labels and there are a couple of ways to fix this problem but do the one that I find easier which is just calling the append with G or group method.

 Alright just like that this is done. The next thing that I'm going to do is to move the axis from top to bottom and this is also pretty easy, you just have to use some CSS class and properties. So the first thing is adding an attribute and this attribute is going to have the class and also is going to have the x-axes class. 

Now the next thing is going to be with the transform and translate property. This properties our node about D3, is only about CSS. The translate function moves an element according to x and y coordinate. 

So here I'm going to have the translate 0 and then bar chart height minus the padding, we are going to change the padding in a little bit. 
All right so we are done with this, let's continue with style.css. 

So I want to make the axis a bit bigger. 

You will need to select the x-axis path and the X line so let's just write our classes. 

The first one is going to be x axis and path and the other one is going to be x axis and all right.

 Here I'm going to add the property crease edges and these will make the lines crisp and clear which is what I need.

 The last thing that I'm going to do is to have the x axis text with font family of some series. 

I will add some font weight maybe bold or even bolder and the last but not least I'm going to have the font size increased to 14 pixels. 

Right let's just save, go back to our browser and refresh the website. 

Right here you will notice that we have a problem with the padding but that's totally fine as it's something pretty easy. 

I'm going back to app dot J s and I'm going to change the padding to maybe 20 and this 20 pixels so because we didn't have any padding, 

that's why we had this problem. But now we add the padding, we will refresh the website and everything is working out fine. Alright and that is our x-axis, 
in the next video I'm going to show you some more ways to style the axis as well as add the y-axis.

 So far we created the scatter plot and we added the axes. In the next video I'm going to show you how to style even more the axis and of course also creating the y-axis. Thank you very much for watching, see you in the next video.