Hi and welcome to section 5 joining data in D3.js version 5. In this section you'll learn how to bind data on elements directly on JavaScript files or by loading external sources,

 we are going to explore more methods and write our first functions. 

So far we saw how to create elements and how to use base methods, 

in this video we are going to talk about writing data and the methods data and Ensor.

 Before we jump into the code let's first see what is data binding. 

Binding means to associate elements with data,

it allows you to bridge the gap between the data and the elements on your page. 

Let's jump into our text editors and I will show you an example to understand everything a little bit better. 

Now the first thing that you are going to do is just change the section 5 into the HTML 5 and 

then I'm going to app JS. I don't need the things from our previous code so I'm just going to delete them 

and you can do the same thing and maybe even append but I will keep the VAR element equals D3 dot select body.

 Now to the top I'm going to create another variable and the name of this variable is going to be dataset, 

this is a usual name so in the dataset I'm going to have an array. This array is going to have some integers but you can pass it whatever you like. 

Because now we are using D3.js I think it's better to follow this example and just use some integers to. Alright right after body I'm going to have my first method and this is going to be the select all.

 Alright I'm going to call the select all method to select the paragraph tag and although I don't have any paragraph and still going to use it. 

Then I'm going to have an empty selection right because we haven't added anything yet.

 To add something we will call the data methods,

 these will bind the data to the current selection so you have to pass the data set as a parameter. 

Right after that it's time to move the data to the document because so far they were in a named space and that is what enter does and 

then I'm going to call the append method and pass in a paragraph tag, now the selection is the new paragraph tag. And last but not least I'm going to add the text method and inside there I'm going to have something like Hello section five size and refresh.

 What do you think you're going to see, well I think that you're going to see whatever we have written in the text method and for me this is hello section five. 

All right let's go into the console, I'm going to delete this one and then I'm going to hit the up arrow. 

Here you have your console dot log with an element and there you can see your groups array and the array of five,

 alright and the body is zero just what we expected to see. In the elements tab we can see the same thing we have five paragraphs although in the HTML or JavaScript file we didn't add any of this. 

And now I have one more question for you, how to really confirm that data is binded to the elements, 

take a moment to think about it. All right did you think about it, nice. If you clicked on array 5 and then B and just go down down down and below. So in the end you are going to see a data with the number that you have gave 

and that's the way to see that your data are actually bonded to the elements and of course you can do the same thing with the other elements too. And that was all the code that we are going to write for this video. So far we so what is data binding and then the methods data and Ender, we created a dataset that contains some integer numbers and then we saw the result of these numbers in our browser. Stay tuned for the next video functions and more specifically functions in methods.